So as already mentioned in the teaser video, this module is all about the web app manifest which in the end is
just one single file we add to our web application and which we specify on our web pages to
be loaded via the browser which makes our web app installable,
which means we can add it to the home screen of our mobile device and there, it will feel and look
like a native app, so we can open it like we open any native app.
And why would we want to do that?
Well if users just visit our web page like this, they might enjoy it but they constantly have to type
the URL or manage the bookmark.
Now with a home screen icon which we can get via the app manifest, we increase user interaction
with our application
because if you think about your own behavior, how do you use your smartphone?
You probably visit the same apps a lot and you typically visit them by simply tapping on these icons on
the home screen.
Hence if we get on the home screen with our application, if we could get our web app on that home screen,
we would probably drive user engagement
and that can only be good for us.
This is why we want to get there and this is exactly what the web app manifest, this file we can add,
allows us to do.
So let's jump into a web application and create such a manifest.